Add initial set of questions (#31)
huserben/scrum-kata: questions/representing_artifacts.md

---
layout: post
title: "Representing Artifacts"
parent: Katas
---

> How are the different artifacts (Product Backlog, Sprint Backlog, Increment) represent work or value? How are they maximizing transparency?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How do the different artifacts (Product Backlog, Sprint Backlog, Increment) represent work or value? How do they maximise transparency?
```
